# The List
---
The List is a reminder of all the things that I have completed and accomplished in life. Often it can be easy to remember all the times that you messed up, the times that you were embarrassed, or the times that you felt that you failed. But often these failures were learning opportunities that lead to new success and accomplishments. Remembering your success and how you got there is important for your long term growth and humility. Understanding that you didn't just wake up like this can go a long way for your empathy of others and yourself during hardship. It is my belief that people are defined by their adversity and their ability to perform regardless of situation.

Everyone experiences difficulty and while some are empirically more intense than others, it is difficult to fully understand the situation of someone other than yourself. While this means you should be understanding of others, it does not mean that everyone gets a free pass. This includes yourself. You are the only one who can understand your hardship and your success fully. This means that you must hold yourself to a higher standard. 

*This list includes anything I feel is not a common experience*

– ABQ

---
#### ***This needs review***
---

## Educational Experiences
### Elementary
- Attended 2009 CWSF for Snobike
- Lead role in Gr. 7 Play

### Secondary
- Created side-scroller mario in *Java - Lost the code :(*

### Post-Secondary
- Created a hiring website with *Google Apps Script*

### Personal Learning
- Currently learning about Project Management (CAPM Certification)
- Currently learning about Web Development (The Web Dev Bootcamp)

## Professional Experiences
- Work for my Dad
- Work at Blue Mountain
- Work at Kelsey's
- Work at OslerBrook G&CC
- Work at Cranberry Golf Course
- Work at SportChek
- Work in Warehouse
- Work for Pepsico (2 weeks)
- Work for McMaster Eng 1 Office
- Work for Epson Marketing
- Work for Venture Camp
- Work for McMaster Eng Youth Programs

### Entrepreneurship
- iPhone Repair Business
- McMaster Poster Business (Fail!)
- Project Vela (Successful Fail)  

## Creative Experiences
### Visual Design
- McMaster Poster Business products (10+ full poster designs)
- ThatGeekTech Logo / Business Cards (Brutally bad)
- Campus Supply Co. Logo / Business Materials (Better) 

### Multimedia 
- Gr. 9 Geo green screen tablecloth
- Gr. 10/11 Urban Shakespeare recreation
- The Victory Lap Vlog
- Venture Staff Sunday / "What if" Wednesday

### Story Telling


### Physical Design
- Tree House design booklet
- Design and built a desk from an old door

## Personal Experiences
### Hardship & Adversity
- Getting my ass kicked in 10 years of hockey (?? - 150+ - ?)
- Panic Attacks -> Diagnosis with GAD
- Potential ADHD diagnosis (2020)
- Many university failures
- Academic Probation
- OSAP Probation -> OSAP Restriction

### Success Stories
- 

### Moments of Understanding

### Empathetic Learning